FDC Emulator Update (#8216)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

> - Fixed issue where react-based web apps were crashing when users initialize Data Connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed issue where `firebase init dataconnect` would crash on React-based web apps.
```

> - Updated the Firebase Dat Connect local toolkit to v.1.8.0, which:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the Firebase Data Connect local toolkit to v.1.8.1, which:
```
